Good wash, fragrant
Washed in vain
Pretty sister
You are so white
Hey, can't you call me Pretty Sister?
Why am I your fiancee?
You have to call me wife
Ok beautiful sister wife
Mr. Mu, I have an emergency report
tight
Ah, this fierce sister
Also wash with us
No, Yu Qian
What's the matter?
Mr. Mu
Johnson & Johnson Group gave us an ultimatum
If we have three days
Can't complete the bounty task on the heaven list
You have to pay 10 times the compensation and the bounty.
The amount of compensation is equivalent to 100 billion
Beautiful sister wife
Let me wash it for you
Let's swim
Okay, got it.
You go out first
Mr. Mu, don't you understand?
This fool will hold you back
Enough, you go out first
Get up, you win
Hmm, Vice President
What do we do now?
We can't afford 100 billion in compensation
According to the contract
The delivery time is still more than a month.
In Qinzhou, he Chen Tianhu didn't dare to mess around
But what?
Hahahaha
Long time no see, Mr. Mu